that you are surely wondering
because I called you here yes but I did
he knows where he wants to go, though
really yet another event from
precarious researchers in front of
montecitorio after the truncheon
last time no but I don't have it
asked to come here for the umpteenth time
demonstration on cuts in research
in fact I asked him to come here though
because I never want to do it again
you are the best minds in
circulation and seeing at the edge of the
let's face society let's face it
we only know how to study
they do it and then i studied a
way to take back what we have
but we deserve it then you see me
always return to the event no
we all put ourselves on a band
We will put a new drug on the market
hand these crap that lie
now in the disco
I say precisely the best product that
have you ever seen what you say
sorry you are telling me that if i am
for two nights of number two with a
small mattress so I put myself behind
someone notices that at that column
bartolomeo is however we are taking one
important decision but I'm with you
one hundred percent I'm actually made of
to go it alone
belongs to me you all know very well
how my training is all soaked
on the first Austrian liberalism von hayek
mises but then there is star silos
but whoever gives them to me to apologize for it
sorry peter just to see if
I understood well that you would like to put
on a band of dealers like those
does not appear in the American series
an initiative perfectly in line with the
Penal Code
and instead yes because I have terrified
a molecule that according to Italian law is
perfectly legal guys let's leave
lose this jurisprudence stuff
petty on clear state I do not take
Part tenth degree is a mistake of
joint of which I am deeply
I know here in highest ever
waiter feeling a day off
week and 700 euros per month
me how do I earn in half an hour
we will put a new one on the market
drug this erotic function in mine
comparisons that you just can't
hold back depends on what
you took 8 nights I really enjoy myself
I stop when I want
from February 7 to the cinema from the real video
then today the novelty is that ant man
takes batman's place from up
superman
ok the marvel studios have indeed
took advantage of the postponement of batman bears
superman to 2016 to anticipate the date
output of ant man so far
ok then moving the film by two
weeks from 31 July to 17 July
its part warner brothers not by chance
he had decided to postpone his film
on the date scheduled by marvel studios
for the launch of a project yet
untitled but many believe it is
doctor strange ok all clear no
confused I know that in Hollywood ad
hollywood love to play chess a lot
anyway to stay up to date on
all the new moves you put a nice one
I like it on our facebook page
cinema preview and we will meet again at
next video hello